android.support.graphics.drawable.R
android.support.graphics.drawable.animated.R
android.support.v4.R
android.support.v7.appcompat.R
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionViewClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int allowStacking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int barLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int closeIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int collapseIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorAccent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorPrimary
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int commitIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int controlBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int displayOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerVertical
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int drawableSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int elevation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int goIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int homeLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int isLightTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int itemPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int logoDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int queryBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int queryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showAsAction
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showDividers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int splitTrack
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int srcCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int theme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int voiceIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs_pre_jb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_expanded_action_views_exclusive
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_allowActionMenuItemTextWithIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int accent_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int accent_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int button_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int button_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int hint_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int hint_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_100
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_300
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_50
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_600
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_800
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_850
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_900
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_text_min_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_rating_star_off_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_rating_star_on_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_moreoverflow_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_full_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action0
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_root
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_context_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_menu_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int alertTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int always
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int beginning
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int buttonPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int cancel_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int checkbox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int collapseActionView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int contentPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int customPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int decor_content_parent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int default_activity_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int disableHome
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int edit_query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int end
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int end_padder
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int expand_activities_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int expanded_menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int home
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int homeAsUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int ifRoom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int line1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int line3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int listMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int list_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int media_actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int middle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int multiply
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int never
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int none
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int parentPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int progress_circular
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int progress_horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int radio
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int screen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_badge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_close_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_edit_frame
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_go_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_mag_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_plate
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_src_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_voice_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int shortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showCustom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showHome
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int spacer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int split_action_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_atop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_in
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_over
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int submit_area
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int tabMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int text2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int title_template
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int topPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int up
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int useLogo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int withText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int wrap_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_max_action_buttons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_search_view
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_media_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_lines
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_capital_off
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_capital_on
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_search_hint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] View
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_theme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_animTime
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_barCodeTipText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_barcodeRectHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_borderColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_borderSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_cornerColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_cornerLength
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_cornerSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_customGridScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_customScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_isBarcode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_isCenterVertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_isOnlyDecodeScanBoxArea
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_isScanLineReverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_isShowDefaultGridScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_isShowDefaultScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_isShowTipBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_isShowTipTextAsSingleLine
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_isTipTextBelowRect
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_maskColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_qrCodeTipText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_rectWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_scanLineColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_scanLineMargin
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_scanLineSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_tipBackgroundColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_tipTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_tipTextMargin
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_tipTextSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_toolbarHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$attr: int qrcv_topOffset
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$id
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$id: int bgaqrcode_camera_preview
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$mipmap
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$mipmap: int qrcode_default_grid_scan_line
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$mipmap: int qrcode_default_scan_line
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int[] QRCodeView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_animTime
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_barCodeTipText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_barcodeRectHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_borderColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_borderSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_cornerColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_cornerLength
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_cornerSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_customGridScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_customScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isBarcode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isCenterVertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isOnlyDecodeScanBoxArea
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isScanLineReverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isShowDefaultGridScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isShowDefaultScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isShowTipBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isShowTipTextAsSingleLine
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isTipTextBelowRect
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_maskColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_qrCodeTipText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_rectWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_scanLineColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_scanLineMargin
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_scanLineSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_tipBackgroundColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_tipTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_tipTextMargin
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_tipTextSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_toolbarHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.core.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_topOffset
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_animTime
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_barCodeTipText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_barcodeRectHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_borderColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_borderSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_cornerColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_cornerLength
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_cornerSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_customGridScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_customScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_isBarcode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_isCenterVertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_isOnlyDecodeScanBoxArea
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_isScanLineReverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_isShowDefaultGridScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_isShowDefaultScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_isShowTipBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_isShowTipTextAsSingleLine
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_isTipTextBelowRect
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_maskColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_qrCodeTipText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_rectWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_scanLineColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_scanLineMargin
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_scanLineSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_tipBackgroundColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_tipTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_tipTextMargin
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_tipTextSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_toolbarHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$attr: int qrcv_topOffset
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$id
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$id: int bgaqrcode_camera_preview
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$mipmap
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$mipmap: int qrcode_default_grid_scan_line
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$mipmap: int qrcode_default_scan_line
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int[] QRCodeView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_animTime
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_barCodeTipText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_barcodeRectHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_borderColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_borderSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_cornerColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_cornerLength
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_cornerSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_customGridScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_customScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isBarcode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isCenterVertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isOnlyDecodeScanBoxArea
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isScanLineReverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isShowDefaultGridScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isShowDefaultScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isShowTipBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isShowTipTextAsSingleLine
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isTipTextBelowRect
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_maskColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_qrCodeTipText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_rectWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_scanLineColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_scanLineMargin
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_scanLineSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_tipBackgroundColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_tipTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_tipTextMargin
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_tipTextSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_toolbarHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxing.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_topOffset
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$anim
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionBarSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int actionViewClass
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int allowStacking
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int background
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int backgroundTint
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int barLength
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int buttonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int buttonTint
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int closeIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int collapseIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int color
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int colorAccent
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int colorPrimary
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int commitIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int controlBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int dialogTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int displayOptions
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int divider
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int dividerPadding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int dividerVertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int drawableSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int editTextBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int editTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int editTextStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int elevation
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int goIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int height
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int homeLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int icon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int isLightTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int itemPadding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int layout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int listItemLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int listLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int logo
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int logoDescription
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int navigationIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int navigationMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int paddingEnd
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int paddingStart
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int panelBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int popupTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_animTime
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_barCodeTipText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_barcodeRectHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_borderColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_borderSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_cornerColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_cornerLength
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_cornerSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_customGridScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_customScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_isBarcode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_isCenterVertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_isOnlyDecodeScanBoxArea
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_isScanLineReverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_isShowDefaultGridScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_isShowDefaultScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_isShowTipBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_isShowTipTextAsSingleLine
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_isTipTextBelowRect
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_maskColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_qrCodeTipText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_rectWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_scanLineColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_scanLineMargin
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_scanLineSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_tipBackgroundColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_tipTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_tipTextMargin
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_tipTextSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_toolbarHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int qrcv_topOffset
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int queryBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int queryHint
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int searchIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int showAsAction
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int showDividers
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int showText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int spinBars
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int splitTrack
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int srcCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int submitBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int switchPadding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int switchStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int textAllCaps
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int theme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int thickness
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int titleMargins
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int titleTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int track
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int voiceIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int windowActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$bool
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs_pre_jb
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_expanded_action_views_exclusive
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$bool: int abc_config_allowActionMenuItemTextWithIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int accent_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int accent_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int background_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int background_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int button_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int button_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int colorPrimary
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int colorPrimaryDark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int colorPrimaryDarkTrans
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int foreground_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int hint_foreground_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int hint_foreground_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int material_grey_100
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int material_grey_300
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int material_grey_50
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int material_grey_600
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int material_grey_800
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int material_grey_850
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int material_grey_900
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int navigationBarColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int primary_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int primary_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int ripple_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_vertical_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_text_min_width
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_rating_star_off_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_rating_star_on_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_mtrl_am_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_moreoverflow_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_full_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int scan_icon_scanline
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$drawable: int selector_btn_orange
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action0
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_bar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_bar_container
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_bar_root
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_bar_title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_context_bar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_divider
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_menu_divider
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_mode_bar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int alertTitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int always
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int beginning
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int bgaqrcode_camera_preview
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int buttonPanel
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int cancel_action
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int checkbox
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int choose_qrcde_from_gallery
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int chronometer
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int close_flashlight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int collapseActionView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int contentPanel
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int custom
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int customPanel
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int dataBinding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int decode_isbn
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int decor_content_parent
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int default_activity_button
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int disableHome
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int edit_query
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int end
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int end_padder
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int expand_activities_button
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int expanded_menu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int hidden_rect
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int home
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int homeAsUp
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int icon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int ifRoom
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int image
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int info
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int iv_chinese
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int iv_chinese_logo
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int iv_english
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int iv_english_logo
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int line1
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int line3
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int listMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int list_item
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int media_actions
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int middle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int multiply
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int never
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int none
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int normal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int onAttachStateChangeListener
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int onDateChanged
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int open_flashlight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int parentPanel
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int progress_circular
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int progress_horizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int radio
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int scan_barcode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int scan_qrcode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int screen
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int scrollView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int search_badge
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int search_bar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int search_button
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int search_close_btn
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int search_edit_frame
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int search_go_btn
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int search_mag_icon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int search_plate
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int search_src_text
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int search_voice_btn
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int shortcut
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int showCustom
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int showHome
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int showTitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int show_rect
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int spacer
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int split_action_bar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int src_atop
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int src_in
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int src_over
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int start_preview
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int start_spot
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int start_spot_showrect
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int stop_preview
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int stop_spot
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int stop_spot_hiddenrect
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int submit_area
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int tabMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int test_generate_qrcode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int test_scan_qrcode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int text
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int text2
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int textWatcher
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int time
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int title_template
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int toolbar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int topPanel
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int up
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int useLogo
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int withText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int wrap_content
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$id: int zxingview
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$integer
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$integer: int abc_max_action_buttons
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_search_view
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int activity_main
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int activity_test_generate
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int activity_test_scan
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int notification_media_action
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int notification_template_lines
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int notification_template_media
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int toolbar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$layout: int view_control
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$mipmap
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$mipmap: int custom_grid_scan_line
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$mipmap: int custom_scan_line
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$mipmap: int holder
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$mipmap: int logo
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$mipmap: int qrcode_default_grid_scan_line
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$mipmap: int qrcode_default_scan_line
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$mipmap: int test_isbn
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_capital_off
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_capital_on
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_search_hint
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int app_name
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int AppTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int AppTheme_Transparent
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int AppTheme_Transparent_Splash
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int AutoMatch
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int AutoMatch_Horizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int AutoMatch_Vertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int AutoWrap
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int AutoWrap_Horizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int AutoWrap_Vertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int AutoWrapTv
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int MatchAuto
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int MatchAuto_Horizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int MatchAuto_Vertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int MatchMatch
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int MatchMatch_Horizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int MatchMatch_Vertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int MatchOne
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int MatchWrap
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int MatchWrap_Horizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int MatchWrap_Vertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int MatchWrapTv
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int OneMatch
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int WrapAuto
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int WrapAuto_Horizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int WrapAuto_Vertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int WrapMatch
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int WrapMatch_Horizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int WrapMatch_Vertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int WrapWrap
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int WrapWrap_Horizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$style: int WrapWrap_Vertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] QRCodeView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_animTime
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_barCodeTipText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_barcodeRectHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_borderColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_borderSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_cornerColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_cornerLength
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_cornerSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_customGridScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_customScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isBarcode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isCenterVertical
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isOnlyDecodeScanBoxArea
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isScanLineReverse
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isShowDefaultGridScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isShowDefaultScanLineDrawable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isShowTipBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isShowTipTextAsSingleLine
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_isTipTextBelowRect
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_maskColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_qrCodeTipText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_rectWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_scanLineColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_scanLineMargin
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_scanLineSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_tipBackgroundColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_tipTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_tipTextMargin
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_tipTextSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_toolbarHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int QRCodeView_qrcv_topOffset
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] View
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int View_theme
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.ScanActivity
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.ScanActivity: ScanActivity()
cn.bingoogolapple.qrcode.zxingdemo.ScanActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.android.databinding.library.R
com.android.databinding.library.R$id
com.android.databinding.library.R$id: int dataBinding
com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R
com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$id
com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$id: int dataBinding
com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$id: int onAttachStateChangeListener
com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$id: int onDateChanged
com.android.databinding.library.baseAdapters.R$id: int textWatcher
com.google.example.easypermissions.R
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$anim
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionBarSize
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int actionViewClass
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int allowStacking
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int background
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int backgroundTint
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int barLength
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int buttonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int buttonTint
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int closeIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int collapseIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int color
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int colorAccent
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int colorPrimary
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int commitIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int controlBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int dialogTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int displayOptions
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int divider
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int dividerPadding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int dividerVertical
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int drawableSize
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int editTextBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int editTextColor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int editTextStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int elevation
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int goIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int height
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int homeLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int icon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int isLightTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int itemPadding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int layout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int listItemLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int listLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int logo
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int logoDescription
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int navigationIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int navigationMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int paddingEnd
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int paddingStart
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int panelBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int popupTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int queryBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int queryHint
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int searchIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int showAsAction
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int showDividers
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int showText
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int spinBars
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int splitTrack
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int srcCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int submitBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int switchPadding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int switchStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int textAllCaps
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int theme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int thickness
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int titleMargins
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int titleTextColor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int track
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int voiceIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int windowActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$bool
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs_pre_jb
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_expanded_action_views_exclusive
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$bool: int abc_config_allowActionMenuItemTextWithIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int accent_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int accent_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int background_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int background_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int button_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int button_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int foreground_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int hint_foreground_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int hint_foreground_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int material_grey_100
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int material_grey_300
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int material_grey_50
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int material_grey_600
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int material_grey_800
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int material_grey_850
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int material_grey_900
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int primary_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int primary_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_vertical_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_text_min_width
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_rating_star_off_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_rating_star_on_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_mtrl_am_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_moreoverflow_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_full_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action0
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_bar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_bar_container
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_bar_root
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_bar_title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_context_bar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_divider
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_menu_divider
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_mode_bar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int alertTitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int always
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int beginning
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int buttonPanel
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int cancel_action
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int checkbox
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int chronometer
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int collapseActionView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int contentPanel
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int custom
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int customPanel
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int decor_content_parent
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int default_activity_button
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int disableHome
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int edit_query
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int end
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int end_padder
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int expand_activities_button
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int expanded_menu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int home
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int homeAsUp
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int icon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int ifRoom
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int image
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int info
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int line1
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int line3
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int listMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int list_item
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int media_actions
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int middle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int multiply
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int never
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int none
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int normal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int parentPanel
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int progress_circular
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int progress_horizontal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int radio
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int screen
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int scrollView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int search_badge
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int search_bar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int search_button
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int search_close_btn
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int search_edit_frame
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int search_go_btn
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int search_mag_icon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int search_plate
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int search_src_text
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int search_voice_btn
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int shortcut
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int showCustom
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int showHome
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int showTitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int spacer
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int split_action_bar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int src_atop
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int src_in
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int src_over
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int submit_area
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int tabMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int text
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int text2
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int time
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int title_template
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int topPanel
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int up
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int useLogo
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int withText
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$id: int wrap_content
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$integer
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$integer: int abc_max_action_buttons
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_search_view
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int notification_media_action
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int notification_template_lines
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int notification_template_media
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_capital_off
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_capital_on
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_search_hint
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int app_name
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] View
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
com.google.example.easypermissions.R$styleable: int View_theme
